README.md, before:

## Waybar Themes for linux

 with little $${\color{#ff9b71} red}$$ light accents<br>
 - the left module (after workplaces) are only visual if started for ex. spotify (for cava and mpris) or terminal to mouseover (for hyprland/window)<br>
 - please backup your waybar config.jsonc and style.css before installing & using my Theme <br>
 - picture where taken with installed Omarchy-Theme: https://github.com/bjarneo/omarchy-firesky-theme.git <br>

## Installation

Install dependencies for cava bar (using Arch-Linux) and wttrbar (weather module)

```bash
  sudo yay -S cava
```
```bash
  sudo yay -S waybar-cava
```
```bash
  sudo yay -S wttrbar
```
```bash
  sudo yay -S waybar-module-pacman-updates-git
```
    
## Screenshots V1
- without hyprland/window & pacman/update module and no screenrecord button stop <br>
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-09-07_18-38-28" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16c8b398-d1b3-4519-bcbe-e15ad920c7ff" />

## Screenshots V2
- added pacman/arch update module <br>
- added hyprland/window module <br>
- Check link for install instruction pacman/arch module (https://github.com/coffebar/waybar-module-pacman-updates)
<link https://github.com/coffebar/waybar-module-pacman-updates/>
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-09-08_00-34-55" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5cdbb695-83fa-47ec-9271-95dbe4691ffe" />

## Screenshots V2.1
- added screenrecord button stop with new Omarchy Update 3.0.1 to waybar config & style <br>
- removed hyprland/window module <br>
<img width="300" height="54" alt="screenshot-2025-09-18_22-45-54" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aa13ae41-6d40-407e-bbe8-cc04c5ff2124" />

## Screenshots V3
- new waybar Style (without red accents)
- base config is from https://github.com/CobyPowers/omarchy/tree/master/config/waybar (Credits goes to https://github.com/CobyPowers ) , i added some functions according to my needs and changed the high 
<img width="1310" height="209" alt="screenshot-2025-11-07_12-03-43" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/852ce3fe-f2d0-4b2b-b7da-3ad0e4b79e4c" />


## Screenshots V3 (shadow)
- all shadow , waybar and tooltip
<img width="1307" height="209" alt="screenshot-2025-11-07_11-41-49" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b804243-5249-4181-bcc1-558be83d8e18" />


## Screenshots V4
<img width="1341" height="48" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_17-41-45" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a607fd2b-fd91-412b-83b0-afbb2c16c5d7" />
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_17-41-21" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b71d778-360c-49ce-aa45-788a4a995955" />

- new waybar style with base config from V3 - please backup your config & style file before applying
- module informations: leftside (omarchy-menu, workspaces, hyprland/window) center (clock, idle_inhibtor, omarchy-update, recording) rightside (packman-updates and the rest)
- Contributions & Credits to [Adso](https://github.com/adsovetzky/Adso-dotfiles) for helping to finish this :)

## Screenshot V4 (slim)
- less hight than basic V4 
<img width="1298" height="925" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_23-32-53" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d2c5f3e-8416-44ee-9a9a-8148bbb8177c" />

## Screenshot V5 (solo bars)
- i dont know why i did it , have fun
<img width="1915" height="506" alt="screenshot-2025-11-08_21-57-04" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a31e2f6c-33bc-495e-9219-b8eddca1d211" />

Commit message:

Revise README for Waybar themes clarity
Updated README to clarify theme installation and usage.

README.md, after:

## Waybar Themes for linux

 A collection of my Waybar themes – have fun exploring and customizing them!

## Installation

This is optional - not fully required to have Theme applyed for V3 and up
V1 to V2 requires some extra packages which i dont use anymore (wttrbar etc) - those dependencies are here (waybar-cava is not working for me, so i skipped it):  

```bash
  sudo yay -S wttrbar
```
```bash
  sudo yay -S waybar-module-pacman-updates-git
```
    
## Screenshots V1
- without hyprland/window & pacman/update module and no screenrecord button stop <br>
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-09-07_18-38-28" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16c8b398-d1b3-4519-bcbe-e15ad920c7ff" />

## Screenshots V2
- added pacman/arch update module <br>
- added hyprland/window module <br>
- Check link for install instruction pacman/arch module (https://github.com/coffebar/waybar-module-pacman-updates)
<link https://github.com/coffebar/waybar-module-pacman-updates/>
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-09-08_00-34-55" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5cdbb695-83fa-47ec-9271-95dbe4691ffe" />

## Screenshots V2.1
- added screenrecord button stop with new Omarchy Update 3.0.1 to waybar config & style <br>
- removed hyprland/window module <br>
<img width="300" height="54" alt="screenshot-2025-09-18_22-45-54" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aa13ae41-6d40-407e-bbe8-cc04c5ff2124" />

## Screenshots V3
- new waybar Style (without red accents)
- base config is from https://github.com/CobyPowers/omarchy/tree/master/config/waybar (Credits goes to https://github.com/CobyPowers ) , i added some functions according to my needs and changed the high 
<img width="1310" height="209" alt="screenshot-2025-11-07_12-03-43" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/852ce3fe-f2d0-4b2b-b7da-3ad0e4b79e4c" />


## Screenshots V3 (shadow)
- all shadow , waybar and tooltip
<img width="1307" height="209" alt="screenshot-2025-11-07_11-41-49" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b804243-5249-4181-bcc1-558be83d8e18" />


## Screenshots V4
<img width="1341" height="48" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_17-41-45" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a607fd2b-fd91-412b-83b0-afbb2c16c5d7" />
<img width="2560" height="1440" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_17-41-21" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b71d778-360c-49ce-aa45-788a4a995955" />

- new waybar style with base config from V3 - please backup your config & style file before applying
- module informations: leftside (omarchy-menu, workspaces, hyprland/window) center (clock, idle_inhibtor, omarchy-update, recording) rightside (packman-updates and the rest)
- Contributions & Credits to [Adso](https://github.com/adsovetzky/Adso-dotfiles) for helping to finish this :)

## Screenshot V4 (slim)
- less hight than basic V4 
<img width="1298" height="925" alt="screenshot-2025-11-04_23-32-53" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d2c5f3e-8416-44ee-9a9a-8148bbb8177c" />

## Screenshot V5 (solo bars)
- i dont know why i did it , have fun
<img width="1915" height="506" alt="screenshot-2025-11-08_21-57-04" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a31e2f6c-33bc-495e-9219-b8eddca1d211" />
